more tag cleanup (#4467)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/elasticsearch/troubleshoot-migrate-to-tiers.md

{{es}} standardized the implementation of [hot-warm-cold architectures](https://www.elastic.co/blog/elasticsearch-data-lifecycle-management-with-data-tiers) to [data tiers](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md) in version 7.10. Some indices and deployments might have not fully transitioned to [data tiers](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md) and mix the new way of implementing the hot-warm-cold architecture with [legacy](../../deploy-manage/distributed-architecture/shard-allocation-relocation-recovery/index-level-shard-allocation.md) based node attributes.

This could lead to unassigned shards or shards not transitioning to the desired [tier](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md).

To fix this issue, use the following steps.

You can run the following steps using either [API console](/explore-analyze/query-filter/tools/console.md), or direct [{{es}} API](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/rest-apis/index.md) calls.

:::{tip}
To learn how to assign tiers to your data nodes, refer to [](/manage-data/lifecycle/index-lifecycle-management/migrate-index-allocation-filters-to-node-roles.md).
:::

> To get the shards assigned, call the [migrate to data tiers routing](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md) API, which will resolve the conflicting routing configurations towards using the standardized [data tiers](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md). This also future-proofs the system by migrating the index templates and ILM policies if needed.

Author: ```suggestion
To get the shards assigned, call the [migrate to data tiers routing](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md) API, which resolves the conflicting routing configurations to using the standardized [data tiers](../../manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md). This also future-proofs the system by migrating the index templates and ILM policies if needed.
```
